earth isn't coming back
all right let's load up Donna hips
sending it to the ground no save us all
boys and girls
me plan it out now that's of you looks
like the sun's are eclipsing now it
wants to eat meat sorry
read this stars align and horse wakes
it's time to run away it's not nursery
right boys Tony guesses where all the
people was some kind of shrine we're
just three all named my boy must be
remember who worshipped
it's in the air this is close to where
they landed John wake up are you here to
take us home
isn't this your host colonized by a team
earth made up of four families right
we're things and people in these woods
that want us dead she falls in irons you
will be children of Gabriel gather round
we have the same blood Clarke royal
blood why they went out to Delilah the
children of Gabriel took my wrong no
they're still here we'll search
everywhere inside the Congress you'll be
so calm with it was your daughter's turn
no you had a daughter she died six years
ago
surprise we've got the primes and the
guns let's take her we didn't go home
you're on your own what are you gonna do
leave me here yeah your own good fine
should've died in that gorgeous anyway
today we returned about beloved Priya
Delilah Janice workman you accept this
song I do it is my great honor to
present for you Lila
I think you deserve a fresh start does
that mean I can go to school no matter
who's gonna find out but I miss my
daughter I can get it back tonight I'll
prep for insertion
I'm this I can work with there later
some old man if I kill him the primes
will on the video and the King wallet
your child be raised in sanctum and
consider it done
raising people that give up their bodies
from Earth how many of them are hosts no
no that's what you're going to find out
that Co made ourselves in my blood in
the lab and we have you did sorry omen
and what is this this is how we make
hosts O'Meara
in my dreams I see a commander who
frightens me
Shaytan the dark commander that's why we
must keep training Joseph unite born
nice to me people have alterations
crosses the rope and will tell you what
you want to know what's matter lately
you don't recognize your best friend
Josephine surprise yours was the last
face a sight before I found now we're
even
I'll may convince you that we should
leave paradise why would I leave my home
we'll look how would you like to be
immortal too
tell me what's going on Clark's done
his body's not big enough for both of us
two minds one brain if we don't do
something this body dies Amanda he's
getting too strong it means live what if
I told you that primes had a way to save
Gabe teach them how to make night blood
and then that's yours his mind is gonna
go in another person's body I try to
control your hand just let him move take
a look the shape of the anomaly what
does it mean
anomalies calling you just like it
called me I guess we better see what the
hell this anomaly wants all signals get
sucked up by there normally you pick
them up here and emili´s repeating waves
but the brain we now share is dying fine
Gabriel he was one of them with any bill
this is a really stupid plan you know
the fugitive Gabriel will kill us both I
see no he's calling me I don't know
I just know I have to go if you go in
there that way
I show them how to make nightblood they
save Marcus by murdering that man and
shoving cane into his system
[Music]
once we kill the primes we take over
sanctum your idea
[ __ ] Heather's Hey you're not talking
put them with the others it's Joseph
[ __ ] she gave you control can I see you
because it's getting worse give me back
control I'll just get it anyway when you
fall asleep what are you doing now
Gabriel my name is Clarke Griffin
Josephine Lightbourne is in my head if
you can hear this we're coming to you
you're stopping her immerse death causes
for mine to back up onto the drive I
take it out we're at Clarke Oh past the
child is spared but the rest of you will
burn at the stake for your crimes
get me told my note with a view of the
execution God sorry okay you can still
save your wife you to restart her heart
why isn't she waking up because Joseph
II still inside
no she's not why we can still make night
flies bone marrow
take them down the red Sun toxins
everywhere he weaponized it Simone did
it was part of her adjustment protocol
Lisa get in the water will trigger an
evacuation without inducing a mass
psychosis we need to be inside before it
starts which means I go is Josefina this
is how it was meant to be just with
protocol non-believers must be purified
and Kaleigh Prime Francis you've only
resurrected five primes we have all the
hosts we need I'm sorry it has to be
this way happy
we're gonna save our people throw her to
the wolves
no hey sorry Clark's mind we need her to
get Clark happy what are you doing
that's not Clark you're their leader so
here's the situation we're setting sail
for planet beta it's a 20-year journey
you can take it with us peacefully you
cry out I'll take care of the rest you
can die
let's just kill blessed are the problems
Russell is not here
he abandoned you we did not know Josie I
can't let you kill these people
believe it or not I am sorry anyone
moves shoot them too
[Music]
mom
it's my father's name
he's here thanks everyone
mission accomplished
right here since I'm open I'm gonna
you care if I sank them through fire get
the fuel so get down
glory and grace you seen that before dad
- no no but I've been studying it for
150 years is it
[Music]
here's about a B it's right to do better
I did to these thousands of years old we
have no idea who made it or what
generates the magnetic field that holds
it up we're pretty sure it's what sucks
in all the radio signals the last symbol
in the series is called anak tonyia
advanced mathematics way above my head
but I don't think it's coincidence you
char name
ha
Oh
[Music]